# MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 trackozor

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Licence MIT / MIT License (version en français)

Copyright (c) 2025 trackozor

La permission est accordée, gratuitement, à toute personne obtenant une copie
de ce logiciel et des fichiers de documentation associés (le "Logiciel"), de
manipuler le Logiciel sans restriction, y compris sans limitation les droits
d'utiliser, copier, modifier, fusionner, publier, distribuer, sous-licencier,
et/ou vendre des copies du Logiciel, et de permettre aux personnes à qui le
Logiciel est fourni de le faire, sous réserve des conditions suivantes :

La mention de copyright ci-dessus et cette autorisation doivent être incluses
dans toutes les copies ou portions substantielles du Logiciel.

LE LOGICIEL EST FOURNI "TEL QUEL", SANS GARANTIE D'AUCUNE SORTE, EXPRESSE OU
IMPLICITE, Y COMPRIS MAIS SANS S'Y LIMITER LES GARANTIES DE VALEUR MARCHANDE,
D'ADÉQUATION À UN USAGE PARTICULIER ET D'ABSENCE DE CONTREFAÇON. EN AUCUN CAS,
LES AUTEURS OU DÉTENTEURS DU COPYRIGHT NE SERONT RESPONSABLES DE TOUTE RÉCLAMATION,
DOMMAGES OU AUTRES RESPONSABILITÉS, QU'IL S'AGISSE D'UNE ACTION CONTRACTUELLE,
DÉLICTUELLE OU AUTRE, RÉSULTANT DE L'UTILISATION OU DE LA PERFORMANCE DU LOGICIEL.
